[Music]
today i am going to recap the story of
the great battle 2018 film spoiler ahead
watch out and take care
the story of this movie starts in the
war where the gorilla soldiers are
running their horses towards a direction
on the other side taijing's soldiers are
fully armed and shoot their arrows as
the opponents arrive
the attackers on the horses are toppled
down while others continue moving ahead
now taijing's soldiers standing there
have shields
and they begin to kill gogorio s
soldiers
the purpose of tang army is to take over
the fortress
one of the soldiers says loudly w will
be rooted out
we must retreat after a while a retreat
flag is shown
now a new character comes on the scene
named sa mull
taijing is shown standing at a place and
he asks a sitting girl there
his soldier replies on it it is said
about this girl as she can visualize
lord's vision
this girl possesses the bow of the
gogorio s king jumong
she has brought it as a symbol of
victory from the war
emperor taijing tries to shoot the arrow
from it but a soldier says on it
no one can wield it then sa mull is
assigned a duty as a head of cadet unit
head by general yun
he says to him you are loyal then he
assigns him a responsibility saying
you will move to fortress in order to
triumph it killing a person yang
he is given a sword sa mull says
i swear of my life that i will
accomplish your mission
essay mall with his soldiers reach a
field in the next scene
he also helps to free the trapped cart
s.a mull asks those people
are you ansi i want to meet commander
that man replies on it i am commander
named yang
commander yang's companion says i have
heard that taijing has sent spies who
can speak our language
they are surely those people essay moles
soldiers take out their swords but are
killed
then they move towards s.a mull holding
a sword
but yang forbids him saying to capture
him he also says
we will investigate now yang brings s.a
mullet a place for interrogation
he tells him i am called a traitor by
the soldiers of jun
you have come to the fortress of traitor
essay mull tells
i am being pursued by the enemies ansi
is my homeland
either i like it or not meanwhile
a man welcomes s.a mull coming there
because s.a mull is the last survived
member of clan
then sa mull is standing alone holding a
sword which is for the murder of yang
then sa mull observes yang with a baby
of a poor family in their house
that family gratifies him for his visit
in the shabby home
yang says this baby has born in antsy so
my visit is compulsory
s.a mull is shocked seeing the
sympathetic behavior and help of yang
with his nation because yang takes pain
for his nation
then yang is shown pulling the rope with
his few soldiers for helping purpose
then yang and his soldiers move in a
direction as the siren echoes
then they observe a few soldiers on the
opponent's side
commander yang says they have come here
for fortress scouting
it is recon unit taijing is not far if
he is here
he soon reaches here to seize this area
he says to everyone
get ready tang emperor will arrive soon
commander yang says to s.a mull to show
his dagger inside the room
essay maul shows it and then yang asks
him to trim his beard with it
and the trimming of beard is essential
for every soldier before breaking out a
war
essay mull's dagger is on yang's dagger
while trimming
it was easy for him if he wanted but he
does not act as such
then everyone leaves as the siren echoes
again
now everyone is ready for battle
including female soldiers
one of them is becca commander yang
precedes taking his soldiers
he observes the opposite side where an
army is there holding the red flags
commander yang says to his soldiers if
you know the tai jing army
is preceding you then ask from me what
should you do
i will ask you to fight i never learned
to retreat
i never learned to be defeated i have
learnt you will have to fight as the
need arises
if someone tries to destroy your
cherished thing you must take risks
it is a great moment where you should
not take your steps back
look at the ansi people they are those
people who have been cherished by us we
will protect them
then all soldiers speak a catchword
battle and a god ready for war
on the opponent side a standing soldier
says
he is commander yang who is our target
and all his struggles
are in vain the other soldier clears
taijung is such a type of a person as he
triumphed the fortress what he wanted
tazong orders his soldiers you have to
occupy the property of ansi enslaving
their kids
war is broken out and they are attacked
throwing the big stones which cause a
great destruction
commander yang rescues the life of samoa
from a big attack
tai jing is observing everything sitting
there he is also
observing that antsy wall is too strong
to fall
so he commands all the soldiers to climb
up the wall
and they are commanded forward command
on the other side yang orders his
soldiers to fight
the opponent army continues to move
forward for climbing up the wall
adjusting the ladder with it
they are in a large numbering but
commander yang is also struggling his
best for his defense
the opponents are attacked throwing the
stones so they may not climb up the wall
yang commands as deploy wolf teeth
striker
they are stopped in such a way but the
opponents continue to climb up the wall
adjusting the ladder
taijung uses words attack and breakdown
directing towards gates so the soldiers
may move towards there
and many soldiers step in the fortress
from the opposite side and the fight
continues
commander yang orders becca and captain
to attack
because the time of fight starts becca
kills everyone with the help of her
soldiers
while the taijing's soldier's adjusted
ladder with the wall
is removed from there but taijing's
soldiers continue to break the gate
at last the gate is opened and they
flood inside
but yang has already set a planned
railing for their stoppage
sa mull is observing everything
accompanying yang
now yang commands close order formation
it is a destructive battle commander
yang makes them to leave the fortress
and taijing orders retreat commander
yang's soldiers say loudly the word
victory and win the war all soldiers
move ahead with sa mull as the siren
echoes again
yang continues his war actively and
bravely when the war breaks out at night
time again
the fire spreads everywhere suddenly
commander yang
falls down receiving the wound of sword
then sa maul puts taijing's soldiers
into death coming at the backside when
he moves to kill yang
yang is shocked seeing him that a person
who had come to kill him became his
savior
commander yang is wounded and coming
into senses
he knows that all opponents have
retreated towards taijung
there is again a gathering of people on
the other side
taijing is saying that i have triumphed
the vast land of thousands of kilometer
in every direction
why am i not able to destroy a small
fortress
and he loses his temper he departs that
lady having king vow to command a yang
that lady places the king jumong's bow
before commander yang
she tells i have been sent by ty jung
he is also leaving a last option before
his final attack and building a dirt
mound which will be higher than ansi
he will attack you and you will never be
escaped from his attack according to him
otherwise she also reveals taijing's
army will attack horribly shooting their
arrows continuously
he will offer you everything if you bend
yourself before him
everything will be eradicated with the
complete building of the dirt mound
but yang says i want to defend ansi
tazong is told that there is fast
progress in the building of this mound
we will accomplish this project within
two months before the start of winter
season
they are building a big mountain of dirt
mound in the eyes of beholders
on the other side commander yang thinks
for himself as their traitor as essay
mull tells him
sa mull takes the permission from him to
go to general jun
i have good feelings for you but yoon
cannot alter his mind
in the same way he asks to order him
contrarily
yang's captain asks to attack tai jing
while his project is under construction
at last he gets permission from yang but
becca soldier alerts saying that it is
like to commit suicide if someone goes
to taijung
place it will all be in vain if captain
returns back after getting defeat
yang says we have no other way taijing's
soldiers are busy
in the preparation of war captain
attacks them in darkness going there
but it is a trap and captain is sent
back after wounding him badly
finally captain is passed away becca
weeps a lot coming to the dead body of
captain
but it is revealed later that a lady who
had the bow of king jumong had sent a
message through an arrow for entrapping
captain
that girl is murdered by the soldiers
then becca moves to taijing in order to
take revenge of captain
she is also killed while fighting with
taijung
and her dead body is sent back in the
next scene
s a mull goes to meet general yun and
tells the commander yang is fighting for
his life and his ansi
he also tells ansi will be at risk with
the construction of dirt mound
yang is not a traitor but is with the
companionship of gogorio
general yoon says hearing it had i sent
you to disobey me
i had not sent you to ansi to hear such
words
afterward he places his sword on his
neck
s a mall tells that yang is the citizen
of this country
he is considered a traitor but the
people of ansi still want to fight
for him he asks general yun to help ansi
while requesting
meanwhile commander yang is planning
with his soldiers
as yang soldiers say the soil has many
pebbles
they cannot be mixed in another place
the mound may be toppled if we mix them
in it
it is also not easy to build a cave if
we do it
yang says i trust all of you as it will
happen
on the other side tai jung is busy in
the preparation of war while the
soldiers continue to work
and they finally construct a splendid
wall calling it a splendid view
taijing offers his workers feast for
their excellent work
and he says we will topple down antsy
tomorrow
in the same way commander yang is also
busy in his battle preparation
his soldier tells that it has been
planned to topple
there is heavy rain and bright lighting
strikes yang's soldiers say
this cave will be filled with water
before we knock down it
next morning the number of the soldiers
of taijing are in standing position
sequently while yang's soldiers are in
the cave filled with water
they ask what should we do one of them
says
we can chop it with our axes their build
place is filled with water
they begin to hit pillars with their
axes going there
the war is broken out while the yang's
soldiers are continually hitting the
pillars in the cave
yang's soldiers start ending the route
of that place of attack when taijing's
soldiers come there skillfully
as a result that place begins to quake
and that built dirt mound starts falling
down
yang's soldiers sacrifice their life in
that cave for the sake of antsy people
and tai jing's army begins to fall down
from the mound and die
and the planning of yang gets success it
is a great destruction of taijing's army
now yang commands to move ahead ansi
soldiers do the same
yang himself move forward taking a sword
and attack them
all raise their voices in the excitement
and fight continues
taijing says i need the head of yang
placed on a plate
i will not stop until we become the
owner of ansi
and continue the non-stop attack the
attacks are held on the both side
continuously shooting their arrows even
the night falls while fighting
yang encourages his soldiers saying as
they should not lose the hope
fight continues even in the next morning
yang's hands are also wounded because of
the continuous fighting
commander yang asks his soldiers to
bring the bow of king jumong
but the soldier says no one can wield it
yang says holy king jumong had used
then he asks help from his lord while
trying to shoot the arrow
he says we will end this war and he
shoots the arrow bringing the sacrifices
of many people
there is a complete silence then shot
arrow from the king jumong's bow stabs
into the eye of taijing who loses the
sight of one eye
then yang's entire army moves towards
them with a great courage
tai jing accepts his defeat he says i
have lost
sa mull also reaches there with his
gagario army
all the victors now king taijing is
succumbed in the war
he tells others don't attack gogorio
then yang and samuel are talking about
ansi fortress in the last scene
and s.a mull leaves riding on a horse
thanks for watching